"According to the teachings today, all phenomena are without base and without root, and that sounds
very different from the teachings of dependent origination and karma where everything comes as a
consequence of causes and conditions."
That is again, as I say, this is two different sections. What we are talking about today is our Dok
ki teaching. This Dokki teaching is Absolute Truth teaching.
Absolute Truth, when you look from the Absolute point of view, there is no, those own causes, cause
and conditions are not real existence.
For one reason, for example, in samsara, we said cause of samsara is negative emotions, in relative
truth, or interdependent ordinary levels, is negative emotions.
And cause of nirvana is positive thoughts. But where are those two positive negatives? Where that
is?
Even on the relative truth, have we tried to look to those source, or where is my loving-kindness?
Where is compassion? Where is the versus? We have that question, and search that. Where is that?
Of course, we say is in my mind, but where is in my mind? Where is our mind anyway? And we look and
search.
Immediately, we ask that question, immediately we are in Absolute Truth. That is what I am talking
here, I mean teaching here, everything is worthless.
On the relative level, desire the truth. There is karma, there is interdependent ordination. There
is always cause and effects.
For that reason, even maybe I forget to tell you, even you have the highest realization of Dokki,
but when you come to the karma contract level, follow so subtle, so detailed, detailed, detailed,
very important.
On the other word, in the teaching said, the womb should be wide, wide, and expensive, and
limitless, but the contract should be very thoughtful, very subtle, very timid. Never bring the
womb to the contract.
That again, when someone says they are teaching, or great things, my Dokki teachings, my womb of D
okki teaching, you should not apply to the contract, conduct and activity.
And when you do that, apply and we will become completely like atheist, or nihilism. Nihilism
states.
But if you bring, so therefore follows subtle, leave and conduct, follow perfectly beautiful,
according to the system of the way things are.
And that means good is good, bad is bad, and do these the right things and wrong, avoid the wrong
things, that is what we live in.
Then when the great king should not bring the conroad to the womb, if you bring that, your womb
will be so limited, so peaceful, it is not vastness, it is just limited, and then you never come
out of that, you create that.
So therefore, the conroad is the contract, and the womb is the womb. Even the Dokki, the Dokki, or
the Ben, the women, whoever, realization, that realization is heart.
The contract is action, that communicated with the world, and others follow exactly where things
are.
And that example shows, the Buddha Chatur Muni, too. Buddha is totally enlightened beings, has a
realization, but yet he follows exactly the same way, over his students, monks, carrying his own
arm balls, wearing the robes, walking with bare feet with the Guru, Guru to the city, Lord to the,
to the dhana, I mean, that's really, that's it.
I mean, Buddha didn't ignore, I have got the highest realization, I don't have to take care of the
contract. Even he taking care of all the contract, so that was the example for this.
Okay, thank you, Mr. Dovki, thank you.